Time-Bound Digital Access Vault
A full-stack secure web application that allows users to store sensitive text and share it using temporary, rule-based access links. The system enforces strict server-side validation for expiration times, view limits, and password protection.


🚀 Features

User Authentication: Secure registration and login using JWT (JSON Web Tokens).


Secure Vaults: Create and manage sensitive text content with owner-specific access.



Dynamic Share Links: * Set expiration time (in hours).

Set maximum allowed views.

Optional password protection for shared links.


Audit Logs: Track every successful or denied access attempt, including timestamps and IP metadata.


Auto-Invalidation: Links are automatically disabled once constraints (time or views) are met.

🏗️ Architecture
The project follows a RESTful API design with the backend as the single source of truth.




Backend: Flask (Python).



Database: SQLite with SQLAlchemy ORM.



Security: Bcrypt for password hashing and JWT for session management.


Frontend: Vanilla JavaScript (Fetch API) and HTML5.

🛠️ Setup Instructions
1. Prerequisites
Ensure you have Python 3.x installed.

2. Install Dependencies
Install the required Python packages:

Bash

pip install -r requirements.txt
3. Database Initialization
The database schema is automatically created when the application starts for the first time.

Python

db.create_all()
4. Run the Application
Start the Flask server:

Bash

python app.py
The server will run at http://127.0.0.1:5000.

🔒 Security Design
Unpredictable Links: Uses UUID4 (128-bit random hex strings) to prevent link guessing or brute-force attempts.


Race-Condition Safety: Updates view counts within database transactions to handle simultaneous access attempts safely.


Hashing: All passwords (user and link-based) are stored as salted Bcrypt hashes.


Server-Side Truth: All validation (expiry, views, identity) is performed on the server; the frontend only displays the result.


📂 Project Structure
app.py: Main Flask application and API endpoints.

\Challenge 1: Team Contribution Multiplier

Logic Used

A brute-force solution would use a loop inside another loop, which becomes slow.
So instead, we use a smarter approach:

First, we calculate the product of all elements on the left side of each index

Then, we calculate the product of all elements on the right side

Finally, we multiply both values to get the result for that index

This way, we solve the problem using only two loops.


Challenge 2: Password Recovery Window
Logic Used (Sliding Window)

The sliding window technique works best here.

We use two pointers: left and right

The right pointer expands the window to include required characters

Once all required characters are present, we move the left pointer to shrink the window

We keep updating the minimum window size whenever a valid window is found

Challenge 3: Balanced Performance Score

(Median of Two Sorted Arrays)
Logic Used

Merging the arrays would be easy, but it is not allowed.

So instead:

We apply binary search on the smaller array

We partition both arrays in such a way that:

Left and right halves are balanced

All elements in the left half are smaller than or equal to those in the right half

Once this condition is met, finding the median becomes simple.


Challenge 4: Deep Storage Inventory Search

(Kth Smallest Element in Sorted Matrix)
Logic Used (Min Heap)

Each row can be treated as a sorted list.

Steps:

Insert the first element of every row into a min heap

Remove the smallest element from the heap

Insert the next element from the same row

Repeat this process k times

The kᵗʰ element removed from the heap is the answer.


Challenge 5: Fix the Broken Expression
Logic Used

First, we count how many extra opening and closing parentheses need to be removed.

Then we use backtracking:

Try all possible valid combinations

Never remove letters

Keep the parentheses balanced

Use a set to avoid duplicate answers

Challenge 6: Tower of Hanoi
Logic Used (Recursion)

The Tower of Hanoi problem is best solved using recursion because the problem can be broken down into smaller similar problems.

For N disks, the logic is:

Move N−1 disks from rod A to rod B, using rod C as helper

Move the largest disk (Nth disk) from rod A to rod C

Move the N−1 disks from rod B to rod C, using rod A as helper

The same steps are repeated recursively until only one disk is left.
